c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Table.g.cs
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\bin\Debug\WpfApp8.exe.config
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\bin\Debug\WpfApp8.exe
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\bin\Debug\WpfApp8.pdb
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Table.baml
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.g.resources
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.exe
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.pdb
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Add.g.cs
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Add.baml
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Delete.g.cs
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Delete.baml
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Edit.g.cs
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Edit.baml
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Choise.g.cs
c:\users\курмангалиевм\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WpfApp8\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Choise.baml
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\bin\Debug\WpfApp8.exe.config
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\bin\Debug\WpfApp8.exe
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\bin\Debug\WpfApp8.pdb
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Add.g.cs
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Choise.g.cs
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Delete.g.cs
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Edit.g.cs
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Table.g.cs
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Add.baml
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Choise.baml
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Delete.baml
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Edit.baml
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\Table.baml
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.g.resources
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.exe
C:\Users\madik\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\projects\Security-master\WpfApp8\obj\Debug\WpfApp8.pdb
